This is Muthu Selvam. 

1.	Having 9+ years of experience in the frontend development, designing UI architecture, implementing prototype using the latest technology stacks like React, Angular, Kendo UI, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax etc. 
2.	Having strong Java middleware development experience by developing Restful/SOA web service using Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Hibernate, JPA, JDBC, MySQL/Oracle 12G database
3.	Also, having good exposure on wiring automated test scripts using Selenium, Cucumber, Jasmin, Karma, ETM, etc.
4.	Also, I have good exposure on DevOps 2020 CI/CD, TDD integration by onboarding U.S Bank enterprise tools like Git, Jenkins, SonarQube, Fortify, Black Ducker etc.
5.	Also, I worked couple reusable template like handlebar, Mustache, Ractive etc.
6.	Expert in designing and developing Responsive/Adaptive web design for the browser compatibility and Hybrid mobile application (Mobile, tablet, Desktop)
7.	Having good exposure on customer facing application Accessibility Guidelines and the deployment process. 

I recently joined with Senior React Developer at bank Of America for the Cashpro online/Mobile application development. Developed 2 -3 reusable widget foe the application.

Coming to My US bank project, 
This is Real-time OFAC transaction screening application under AML. 
Overview of the Project: 
This is the new project we developed from the scratch by integrating with third part vendor tool Fircosoft application. It has 4-5 modules under this projects,
- Real-time Dashboard (To get more on the transaction related tracking)
- Java Batch’s (To run particular time and process the couples of jobs)
- Web focus Reports 
- Rescans 
- FOFTEST

Real-time Dashboard: (This is project I took complete E2E responsibilities until the PROD environments.)
Roles & Responsibilities:

1.	It has six access model like Admin, power user, regular user etc. Each user will have their own data information’s in the dashboard.
2.	I managed 20+ development/QA team both onshore/offshore from Wipro point of view and I am the primary person for the requirement gathering and delivering to offshore team and getting the feature delivered on time.
3.	First 2 months, I designed the complete UI architecture for the application with latest technology stack using Angular5, Kendo UI, React, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3 and got approved from US bank Architect/Group manager/ CapEx manager.
4.	After that, I started developing the Dashboard project structure as per the US Bank standards (Widgets: Grid, Export PDF, Export XL, Charts). 
5.	Involving requirement gathering, Designing, Coding and testing the application. 
6.	Created 20+ new webpages by integrating Restful API/ Oracle database.
7.	Developing business layer, functionality using Java Frameworks (J2EE, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, ORM, Hibernate, JDBC JPA, Log4j, jUnit etc.
8.	Responsible for the deployment from Sandbox, Dev, IT, UAT, prep rod, Prod environments using US Bank enterprise tools like APT, HPOO, CI/CD.
9.	Co-ordinate with automation testing team to deliver the feature on time without slippage in the schedule. 
10.	Worked with our enterprise team to onboard git, jenkins, Fortify, SonarQube, Balck Ducker into our application as part of DevOps 2020.
11.	Worked on IBM RTC to Git Code migration.

Agile Process: (Version One, HPQC)
We have 3 weeks sprint, 2 weeks development and 1 week testing and by ending the sprint, I will providing  the application demo to the Business Lines, Product Owners, BA team to make sure everyone are on the same page.

